it's been exhilarating it's been great
it's been I'd like to say someone say
lucky but I like to say blessed because
Lester still lucky you don't miss will
grace join in so yeah I like to say
blessed and the past three and a half
years I've been I've been wonderful I
mean great it's been learning process
you know every time I'm on a different
set I feel like I'm learning something
new working with different people
different directors producers I've had
massive number of opportunities you know
that a lot of people around me haven't
had and I'm very grateful for all the
opportunities what people have believed
in me it's been a wonderful journey so
far I've been in so many good
productions I I don't even know how but
I just you know believe it's great it's
a massive massive project I don't know
what the final figures were for the
budget but as at a time we were filming
we exceeded 200 million there that's in
itself is just big you know because I
don't think it has been done before in
the Mollywood industry I was there on
the ground so daily expenses I knew what
the daily expenses on set where we were
on set for almost six months of our six
months and daily expenses we're above a
million whenever I'm working with you I
just you know know that and we spend a
lot of time on set and put in my best
and I counsel you know just zero my mind
on every other stuff well walked on the
I was operated for three months we
worked on lambs of seven six for six
months we got into camp February I got
into every 27 people got in before me
Ramsey you got him before mediator then
they got in before me and a few others
but it after me so I got in about
February 7th with that till about August
July August so you know for the first
two three months were basically doing
more training because you know it's a
military oriented story so we're
basically doing the military training
and go to the barracks every morning at
7 a.m.
the mix-up of the soldiers do drills and
everything just to become a soldier to
start speaking like soldiers you know
not only soldiers the trickier soldiers
in 1976 because it was just soldiers is
like okay but we had to become soldiers
and then we had to become soldiers in
1976 I wasn't even born in 1976 I don't
know I don't have any idea what you know
but had to be started reading a lot and
then watch a lot of clips and you know
from mixer of soldiers who started
getting cheering got the uniforms and
the hardware the guns and everything but
it's a character so the animator
character learned for 76 was like one of
the toughest parts of shittim film in
the job pre-production I wasn't kind of
a pre-production was about two to three
years because when we should send the
child he was really talking about the
loss of 76 so they'll be planning when I
was six when he but there was a location
of a shoot I fell out with a couple of
times because I had to go meet him and
be like I'm not gonna be filming next to
it can I go to Abuja have this this
advertisement that they want me to come
and see all this film just a bad
commercial the one it's gonna change can
I go do it I'm in a rush back just three
days no you're not going anywhere
nobody's leaving the set because you're
gonna get out of character and that's
the kind of man years he doesn't let you
do this 70 become I played the
comparable be to be Conqueror movie
you're not going to get out of that car
time go and become someone else are you
serious and then come back soon said no
you know a lot people we all had to make
sacrifices to the MOCA minute you know I
remember I recall he can spend his
wedding several times like two or three
times another character Michelle friend
of mine Deborah Koons also postpone his
ready in a couple of times you know
Ramsey was really let off set when he
fell sick to go get some medication that
he came back and you know it was it was
it was an experience
I remember 40 or 41 of the one time I
think was in 2012 or so when when
totally key flash movies have music and
then the rumor started going around or
like a bikini is supposed to be a
boyfriend why didn't you let her sing
and I was like how did the story moves
from total singing to me letting her
sing so he that went around on Twitter
and on some blogs for a while and you
know it was very out treated Oh shucky
we just laughed about it because we're
just friends there's nothing so but you
know people kept on saying why do you
let why do you let her sing you know she
can't sing like it's not at that point
that I hadn't even heard the song had
even heard my songs yeah
new Nollywood input can't do without the
old Oliver because that's where I came
from you know you can't do without your
roots all the Hollywood as much as
people would like to say it might not be
the quality might not be great and all
that kind of stuff but all Hollywood
feeds the masses let's go Charlie let's
be honest you know they would that can't
feed the masses
oh no I'm I don't even think that should
be I said you shall know it divided
because you know you may be kind of
movies you can sell them I think the
kind of movies I can and I want to and
I'll sell them you know people still get
entertained regardless I make movies on
both sides of the divide and I totally
enjoy myself making these movies you get
great stories on both sides I've got two
nominations for awards I did for awards
for movies that have a I did for the old
Hollywood when people say oh Denali wood
has no quality please listen happy now
like it changes anything else change
anything because you whatever single or
not you still get could be transferred
concealment of juicy unattractive
the only way I know I'm doing good or
doing great is by the response I get
from the fans out there the calls the
messages the emails the comments
everything the social media you know you
know you guys are just the best because
you make me feel like I'm doing
something right you know make me feel
like I'm doing the right thing that
impact in your lives positively so
please keep believing in me keep
supporting Daniel q Daniel keep watching
Daniel key Daniel keep loving Danny okay
Daniel I love you all and I will always
do you proud I promise I won't let you
down I keep making great movies and I'll
keep doing your proud thank you very
much for being there for me you guys are
the best